Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Move!
NIIGATA PORT. 1868 (KEIO 4)
What's going on?
- What's happening?
- What?
Osada!
It's terrible.
I told them we aren't prostitutes.
Who?
Who did this to you?
Were they samurai?
Osada. were they samurai?
Lord Mizoguchi. this is the right moment
for us to make our move.
Our Northern Alliance Army
of the Ouetsu Domains has united.
and we must stop the Imperial Army
here in Echigo.
Understood.
It's clear like water.
You. Shibata people. are all words
and no troops have been sent out.
I did send them out.
But they were hindered
by the peasants' uprising and…
How surprising.
We should then line up those peasants
and behead them.
Enough. Saito.
Please. forgive his rudeness.
However.
the Imperial Army has already seized
Nagaoka Castle and is now at our gate.
We would need the people of Shibata
to shed blood too this time.
But. what will our Lord say?
Then. Lord Mizoguchi…
We ourselves will head
to Shibata tomorrow.
and request the young Lord
directly to send out his troops.
To the Lord?
If the young Lord
refuses to send his troops.
Shibata will be considered
a traitor to the Alliance.
and we'll attack the castle.
Watch your step.
Hey.
It's time for us to get into battle too.
With those threats.
the Lord cannot refuse.
- Sengoku…
- What?
We might have to forget about women.
Today is our last day.
Oh. my. Zen.
Oh. my.
Again?
Who is Zenemon Sengoku.
the Shibata vassal?
What is it?
What do you want me for?
Die. you!
Die!
Die…
We came for a critical negotiation.
but now it's come down to a fight.
Irie. how did this happen?
It was due to our lack of supervision.
Please. excuse us.
Hey. let's go back to Shibata.
Come on. let's go.
Move aside! What is it?
- Huh?
- Move!
No. come back.
Osada…
Move!
He's going to be executed in Shibata.
You're not to interfere!
Are you deaf. woman?
I said. move!
Go.
Osada.
SHIBATA EXECUTION GROUNDS
Hey… hey.
You. what did you do?
I'm about to die. why should I answer?
Since you're about to die.
there's no need to act all mighty.
No!
Go ahead!
It's because of the war.
Because the war is going to start.
things are going to get tough.
Yeah.
In the fourth year of Keio.
as the samurai era that had lasted
for centuries was coming to an end.
Japan was immersed in the Boshin War.
The new government forces led by Satsuma
and Choshu support the Imperial Court.
They call themselves the Imperial Army.
The faction wishing for the former
Tokugawa Shogunate to survive
were made to surrender.
BOSHIN WAR
KYOTO
BATTLE OF TOBA-FUSHIMI
EDO
FALL OF EDO. BATTLE OF UENO
NAGAOKA - SHIBATA
BATTLE OF NAGAOKA CASTLE
In the center of the Nagaoka domain.
clans close to the Tokugawa Shogunate
formed the Northern Alliance Army
of the Ouetsu Domains
and confronted the Imperial Army.
Opportunistic. indecisive.
and avoiding war.
Shibata. a small domain in Echigo.
was asked to take a stance
once and for all.
Either to fight with the Alliance
or to side with the Imperial Army.
Shibata was made to make a decision.
What is taking the Chief so long?
We. the people of Shibata.
should rise up
for the sake of Echigo. too.
Otherwise. we won't be able
to confront the Alliance!
That's true.
If we don't fight the Imperial Army now.
then when?
There's no point in waiting
for the Chief's decision.
We'll go to the castle tomorrow
and request a military deployment.
Yes.
Who's there?
Irie?
It came to my ears
that some rebels were plotting something.
Plotting?
Our clan isn't moving at all…
The clan's movements
are up to the Chief to decide.
You have no say in this.
If you are not willing to obey.
you'll be arrested.
Hey!
We'd be expected to fight
for our hometown.
Haven't you learnt a thing in this dojo?
Marrying into a Chief's family
can change a person a lot. right?
What did you…?
Hey. Irie. look!
A fire.
Put it out!
Hurry!
It's going beyond the walls!
- Fire!
Put it out!
- Put the fire out first.
- Bring water.
Keep going!
Give up. you bitch!
Let go!
What's wrong with setting
a murderer's house on fire?
This woman started the fire?
It's a prostitute.
A favored customer
made her have an abortion.
Looks like she was holding a grudge.
Favored? Not at all. you scoundrel.
He killed my child!
I'm going to kill him!
I'm telling you to give up!
Let me go!
Please. sir…
Hello. miss. What did you do?
You've got a lovely face.
Come here.
Why are you getting away?
You're going to die soon anyway.
No need to be afraid.
Aren't you happy?
Where did you just touch me?
Let me see…
You're too noisy. baldy.
Get some sleep.
Align your stance!
NAGAOKA CASTLE
IMPERIAL ARMY HEADQUARTERS
Align!
Fire!
You've got to practice
until you can move properly.
The Alliance is not the one
to give up either.
We thought they'd just
abandon this castle and run.
but they're still resisting.
Yamagata.
I'm getting tired of the war at Echigo.
This country must
be changed from the grounds.
It won't be that easy. right?
Indeed. but…
in a few more months.
Echigo will be covered in snow.
If we don't settle this quickly.
we will lose our advantage.
Then.
this port is key.
Niigata Port?
The Alliance's weapons
cross the sea and arrive to this port.
Then they cross the river
to Nagaoka and Aizu.
In other words.
this is the heart of the Alliance.
The defenses at their heart
will be strong.
I've heard the Alliance
has split their troops. though…
So. what is surrounding this heart is…
Shibata?
But aren't they part of the Alliance too?
I've heard their lord is still a child.
The winds are changing.
How did I do. Takumi? Did you see that?
My Lord. the Alliance
will come to this castle tomorrow.
At this point.
we should send out the troops…
What?
What with the Alliance?
Don't make me laugh.
Nagaoka has relentlessly
taken our rights away.
Didn't they rule over Echigo
as if it were their own?
Indeed. but this is a decisive moment.
If Echigo joined them too…
The Imperial Army will win the battle.
We might as well ride on their coattails.
But. my Lord.
With all due respect.
if we refrain from sending our troops.
the Alliance will attack
the castle tomorrow…
Let's turn a blind eye
on some sacrifices. then.
The Imperial Army will come to help us.
But…
Anyway. drive the Alliance away neatly.
That is your damn job.
There's no doubt about it. That's him.
Who are you?
It hurts.
What are you doing?
I've been looking for you.
I have to save you now.
What. is this kid
your little brother or something?
Wait. do you know this dirty brat?
This is funny.
Hey. boy. Come and help me too.
It hurts!
I beg you. come here.
Hey. come here.
Brother.
It's this way.
Wait for me. I'm going to.
Wait! Hey!
Hey! Come here!
Hey. brat! Are you going to leave me?
You! What are you doing?
Aren't you commoners?
Brother. brother!
Wait! Hey!
- Brother!
- I'm sorry. kid!
Move!
Isn't he one of the prisoners?
- Hurry up!
- Bastard!
- Where are you running to?
- You…
Hold him down!
Let go!
I'm bringing a direct message
from the Imperial Army Chief. Yamagata.
"The reason I'm asking to have
an audience with Lord Naomasa
is because I will be sending our advance
party to Shibata Castle tomorrow morning."
The Imperial Army. to the Lord?
They probably intend
to propose an alliance.
Isn't that convenient?
Our Lord wished to join them…
No. don't be stupid.
The Alliance will arrive
at the castle tomorrow.
They'll run into each other.
There'll be a battle in the castle.
Chief. what do you plan to do?
Chief…
My father was a strict person.
I was trained here
because those who govern
must also be skilled at the sword.
With all due respect.
what did you call me for today?
I was wondering if there's anypne
who'd risk their lives for Shibata!
Pardon?
What if you asked your retainers.
Lord Washio?
Everyone mentioned your name unanimously.
Wait. you want me to send my clan
against the Alliance?
They can discuss it with you there.
Hey. what is that? It's huge.
Brother!
So it's going to be saw-cutting.
They'll be delivering a spectacle.
Why are you going to saw me too?
Shut up! You're just as guilty.
I didn't do anything!
Hey. boss. Please spare me the saw.
I'd rather be stabbed with a spear.
Hey. do it.
Wait!
Halt the execution!
What?
We. the Shibata Domain.
as part of the Alliance.
will go battle the Imperial Army.
Battle?
The infantry will be sent out tomorrow.
but that will leave
our defense short-handed.
That's where you lowlifes
are going to help.
Do you mean we're going to battle?
You're going to defend a fortress
within the domain from the Imperial Army.
Hey. boss.
That's a ridiculous joke.
It's not a joke.
You are all criminals.
so you're going to fight for us.
Once the mission is accomplished.
all of you will be pardoned
for your crimes.
What?
We'll be pardoned?
For real?
Will we be allowed to go back home?
That is what the Chief said himself.
Did you hear that. boy?
We're going to do this.
We'll be pardoned!
This is no joke.
You. the Shibata samurai.
What did you do to my wife?
I won't bow to your demands.
even if I died for it.
Shut up!
Brother!
- This lowlife is acting all mighty.
- Stop. Arai!
But he killed Sengoku!
The soldiers will finish him.
No need to rush it.
I'm saying I'll show mercy.
even to a lowlife like you.
If you refuse.
I'll throw you into a separate cell…
Together with the ones sick with cholera.
Once you catch it. it's over.
You'll throw up everything
that's inside you and die.
What are you going to choose?
Boss. what do we do with the woman?
Can you cook?
Of course I can.
I can dance too.
In that case. get ready.
The ten of you are to be known as
the Ouetsu Alliance Army Suicide Squad.
Get ready!
WEST - FUKUSHIMAGATA
NORTH - ECHIGO HIGHWAY. SHIBATA
Why is he the only one handcuffed?
Isn't it because he's dangerous?
Have you heard about
the ten beheadings of Yonekura?
Was he the one who commited them?
Isn't he an evil one?
Fool.
Everyone here is evil.
No doubt about that.
A bandit who killed his landlord.
the arson woman.
a survivor of a mass family suicide.
the samurai murderer.
and to top it off.
the pervert monk who abused
the daughter of a parishioner.
I don't want to be told that
by a renowned scammer.
That's scary.
Irie. why are we raising
the flag of Nagaoka?
To be seen as Shibata's infantry.
It was decided by the Alliance.
So you're involved with the Alliance
to that extent…
Is that what you desired?
We'll leave our horses here.
Is the fortress up here?
Still a long way to go?
Halt.
This is the fortress we must protect.
DAY ONE
KEIO 4. 22ND DAY OF THE 7TH MONTH
Good job.
Finally. It was heavy.
but we've gotten up.
You made the right decision.
Let's go pay respects to the young Lord.
About that…
He hasn't been feeling well
since yesterday.
Let go. you insolents!
Why should I be hiding?
It's because of the cholera.
There are infected people in the castle.
I won't talk to you! Get Takumi here!
I'll shoot you. scoundrels!
Since he's an important person
about to go to war.
he needs to rest.
What?
What a pity.
The Lord has approved of the march. too.
Food supplies will arrive soon.
Alcohol goes first.
Alcohol?
We're going to battle together.
We can't get to it
without drinking first. right?
Indeed.
Let's get ready then.
Feel free to have fun today.
We'll send them off happily tomorrow.
But tomorrow. the Imperial Army…
Don't worry about that.
That's why we're sending off
a suicide squad.
All right?
You'll become free
only if you fight for Shibata.
Don't you forget that.
You swallowed up everything.
didn't you. boss?
Leave it to us and don't worry.
Right. boy?
Let me be clear from the beginning.
If just one of you tried to sneak out.
your pardons will be revoked.
Revoked?
What?
You didn't mention that last night.
did you?
Should any of you plan to rebel.
I'll have you kill yourselves!
Isn't that plain and simple?
Kobure. free him too.
Yes.
Hurry up!
Carry on!
Get back once you've put it down.
Let's line them up here.
Hurry up. we don't have time!
Don't slack off. come on!
You. load it there.
Get back immediately!
Get back now!
If the Imperial Army
were to take this fortress.
they would need to cross that bridge.
We'll threaten them with our guns and stop
them right before the bridge somehow.
There are ten of them.
including the woman.
I wonder how they'll perform.
I bet they'll go all out.
You. the acquitted one.
The two of you can handle this.
You're not putting your back into it.
Our back? What do you mean?
Put your back into it.
Well. we can't expect a long battle.
It'll be over in two days at most.
The Chief is aware of that. too.
As soon as the castle town is secured.
we'll light the signal fire.
That will mean it's over.
Then we might as well
just destroy the bridge.
What do you mean?
Stop it.
If there's no bridge.
the Imperial Army will have to detour.
We'd be able to stop them
for a day or two.
Irie!
You were in fact the son of the doctor
in the castle town.
You tried to board a foreign ship
and get to Russia?
"Oroshiya"?
Foreign trade would be impossible
without that bridge!
We must think about
the aftermath of the war.
Hey. Noro. Where are you going?
Noro.
If you act on your own.
you'll get us killed.
What are you doing?
What?
Is it good?
What's with this horrible water?
Heave-ho.
There you go.
Good. let's go.
Okay.
About the bridge we talked about.
I agree that we should think about trade.
but if the war escalates. we'll have to--
That's not going to happen!
Why not?
We're soldiers.
We haven't even fought yet.
and you're starting to chicken out.
If we were to be cowards.
the criminals wouldn't even need to work.
It's so good.
So good.
I'd like my deceased wife and brother
to try this and eat until they're full.
Enough with the hardships.
By the way.
what were you planning to do
in "Oroshiya"?
To learn medicine.
Medicine?
That was a big move.
It's illegal to leave Japan or your clan.
and attempting to flee
to a foreign country
is forbidden beyond all measure!
So. mister.
What did you do?
Well.
I didn't do anything wrong.
The person I liked was a samurai's wife…
Fool.
Being handsome is a sin from birth. right?
No doubt.
You are the greatest villain.
That's right.
Noro. would you bring me some more food?
- I'll go…
- I'll go.
Is it okay? Thank you. mister.
The only good person
among all of us is Noro.
Idiots can be sinners.
By the way.
why would you want to go to "Oroshiya"?
Huh?
I had already asked you. right?
Brother!
Move. boss.
What?
That tattooed bastard actually did it!
- I'll kill him.
- Go after him.
Damn!
There he is!
- Hey!
- Don't run!
- You there!
- Hey!
- Hurry!
Stop!
If you run. you'll be executed.
- Hey. wait!
- Wait!
- They're here.
- They're here!
Wait.
- Look.
- Wait.
- The Imperial Army…
- What?
The Imperial Army?
Let's return and shut the gate.
We won't make it to the gate.
Hide somewhere!
We just need to cross that
to get to Shibata.
Lord Sera. the flag…
Flag?
It's the flag of Nagaoka.
That's strange.
The Alliance shouldn't be in this pass.
Don't worry.
The gate is open. let's get in.
Brother. it's a mantis.
Idiot…
Who's there? Show yourselves!
- Go.
- Yes.
We know you're hiding there.
It's this boorish fellow.
Who are you? Say your name!
You're the ones
who are trying to trespass here!
Will you identify yourselves first?
We're the advance party
of the Imperial Army.
We're here to pay our respects
to Lord Naomasa.
head of the Mizoguchi clan.
We are not here to fight.
You're not here to fight?
Indeed.
What do you mean?
Why did you come then?
Here's my chance!
What do you think? This was my 13th.
Who's next?
Kill them!
You. over here!
14th!
- Let go!
- Help!
Let go!
Spare… my life…
What are you doing. mister? It's a battle!
I know that!
Move!
Is there something
we've never seen before?
- Stop. we'll be punished.
- What are you saying? It's a battle.
This is no joke…
To die in a place like this…
Wait. I'm going too.
That idiot…
Ready!
What are you doing?
Washio!
Boss. behind you!
Lord Sera!
Lord Sera…
Lord Sera.
You!
Brother. we won't make it now.
Let's retreat!
But Lord Sera…
Go. let's get away!
Brother. quick!
- Retreat!
Wash your face and try again.
We're the Ouetsu Alliance Army
Suicide Squad.
Remember that!
It hurts…
You. I'll kill you…
Do you want to die?
Damn.
It's the tattooed bastard's fault.
I'll cut him down…
It hurts.
Be an adult and don't move.
Give up. you traitor.
Do anything uncalled for again.
and I'll cut you into pieces.
Brother!
Go there.
It's mine…
Get in.
Why do you want to die early?
Notice has been sent to other lands.
You lowlifes don't have anywhere
to run away.
It must have been unfair for your wife.
But if you fulfill your duty here.
you can go back to your wife.
I cannot change what happened
even if I get back.
It won't change anything.
There's no way I can fight for Shibata.
If you don't like it.
do whatever pleases you.
In that case…
you shall die.
Brother!
You saved me.
I'll turn a blind eye this time.
But if you do it again.
I won't hesitate to kill you.
Let's go.
And you are the Special Forces?
You fled and came back.
Shame on you!
Wait. Iwamura.
They were not heading to battle.
It's no surprise.
By the way. is it true
that the enemies were not from Shibata.
but the infantry from Nagaoka?
Yes.
The thieves were using this seal.
I've heard Nagaoka is gathering troops
to retake this castle.
But I didn't know they still
had resources to defend Shibata.
Shibata is a key place to the Alliance.
We ought to change the winds
no matter what.
First. it's this fortress.
SHIBATA
Looks like they arrived
to the castle yesterday.
Looks like they were trying to find
the Suicide Squad's location.
And where's my husband fighting?
Isn't it natural that I want to know?
Women shouldn't interfere in politics.
Is my father planning
to call off the engagement?
Kana…
Perhaps he lost interest in Lord Irie
after being humiliated in the sword fight?
I'm the only one who should
be worried about that!
Do not misbehave.
You should leave this to your father.
Kana?
Kana? What's wrong?
Kana!
I brought onigiris.
Here you go.
Good job.
Good job. everyone from the Alliance.
We've got more onigiris.
Food. alcohol.
and a woman.
I didn't think it was a good idea before.
I underestimated Shibata.
And why was that?
We shall prepare for the battle soon.
I can't wait for the infantry…
This is going to be all. Lord Mizoguchi.
I thought about asking the Young Lord
directly about his intentions.
Huh?
But our Lord is sick…
If you say the Lord might have
changed his mind or something.
and another promise is broken.
I won't bear it.
In any case. bring the Young Lord here.
Up until now.
I haven't moved a step.
Irie. isn't the signal fire lit yet?
I have no doubt we'll see it today.
DAY TWO
KEIO 4. 23RD DAY OF THE 7TH MONTH
Hey.
You're disgusting. go somewhere.
Don't be ashamed.
isn't he a cute little brother?
Noro.
Go inside and have your lunch.
Eat.
I don't want it.
Why are you so foolish to stay hungry?
Are you an idiot?
You're not my wife…
The samurai of Shibata abused her. right?
It came to my ears already.
What are you?
Taking down your enemies
might feel good. but…
What is your wife going to do on her own?
She's the wife of a commoner.
She wasn't accomodated to begin with.
If her husband returns as a criminal.
she could go no further
than being a prostitute or a beggar.
- You bastard…
- In other words…
gain your pardon. no matter what.
and get back to your wife.
So. why don't you eat some?
It stinks.
The food will go to waste.
Stay out!
Wait.
What if I gave you a hug later?
Do you know that boy?
He was with a famous fireworks master
in Shibata.
But he's not there anymore.
He's not?
He died in a fireworks accident.
Looks like that kid caused it.
I heard it was terrible
for his parents and siblings.
Do I look that much like him?
What?
Do I look like him?
The man who died.
Not at all.
What was that?
That foolish-looking bunch
managed to defeat the Imperial Army. led
by the renowned Satsuma and Choshu clans.
It's fun.
If we don't take the challenge
while there's a chance
we'll be left behind.
What do you think?
What are you betting on it?
None of us have any money.
Don't be fools.
Aren't there some people here
who are drinking a lot?
You don't know when to stop.
Are foreign countries that good?
We may have outdated weapons.
but in a battle. spirit is key.
That's the samurai way!
That hurts…
Hey. old man.
Make him understand the samurai way.
Trying to explain
the benefits of foreign nations
to those shouting. "Expel the barbarians"
will obviously get you punched.
This telescope is a foreign invention.
When there's war
they rely on imported goods.
yet they shout to expel the foreigners.
I wonder if that's the samurai way.
What's that?
What's wrong?
Are they digging gold?
I'm in.
Good. It's a half.
Is that alright?
You're broke. right?
What are you going to bet?
Come and get me. you bastard.
Let's play.
There it is!
The winner takes it all. right?
An even number with double ones.
What?
Aren't those doubles?
No…
That's bad. boss.
That's how the game is. you never know.
Winds are suddenly in my favor. right?
Make sure to change the lookout duty.
or your boss. Oroshiya will get mad.
Then. I'm off with this.
It hurts…
You cheating bastard…
What? No. it wasn't me…
It's fine. go kill him.
You made a fool of me!
Hey.
You did it.
Stop. what were you doing gambling?
Let go. Washio!
You're a samurai too.
We can't allow these lowlifes to make
a fool out of any of us!
Lowlifes?
Hey. did you hear that?
This man here is looking down
on us as if we were horse dung.
- Calm down. you too!
- Of course!
Just the sight of you criminals
is an insult!
Then why don't you just crucify us all?
Yes. kill us if you hate us that much!
In that case.
the Lord of Shibata would be in trouble.
What?
It's impossible with this man.
You cannot defeat the Imperial Army.
What did you say?
Enough already!
Enough!
Leave them to me!
I'll cut them down!
How exciting.
Let me cool down.
Get down quick!
Over there.
I don't get what you're thinking.
Arai!
This is a really important mission
the Chief gave us!
I know that!
But having to sleep and wake up
next to these lowlifes
is driving me crazy!
Once our mission is over.
they're to be silenced anyway. right?
You can kill them
however you prefer. then.
You'll be able to do as you like.
They're here!
To arms!
The Imperial Army is here!
Hey! What's going on?
Fire!
Hey!
Hey…
Kogure!
Free me!
Hey! Free me!
Kogure. are you okay?
Hey. free me!
Unlock this…
Hey!
Hey.
You're right. we should have fled.
What? Get the key from him
and unlock this.
Hurry!
I'm sorry…
What the heck are you doing?
Get ready. quick! Bring the arms!
Our numbers won't make a difference
in this fight.
We can't do this. Irie. Let's retreat!
Don't be an idiot!
In that case let's send these men.
We'll get to the castle town…
How could you be so cowardly?
It's cowardly. but anyway they're…
Arai! Are you okay?
Irie. we can't win even if we fought back.
Even if that's so. what can we do?
I've got an idea.
Fire!
- Fire!
- Go!
- Yes.
Sir Masatora…
The tower gate is open.
Did they run away?
They must still be nearby.
- We won't go back without a souvenir. go!
- Yes.
- The back-ups will await here.
What's that smoke?
Wait.
The troops at the back aren't coming.
The bandits are lurking around.
don't let your guards down!
We were waiting for you.
That's the 30th.
Watch out! We're allies!
What the heck?
That forest! Aim for that forest!
Yes.
- Shoot there!
- Quick!
We're marching too!
Can we really use these things?
We have no choice.
I can't see because of the damn smoke.
They made too much of it.
Here they come.
Up there!
We missed.
- Fire!
Noro. are you okay?
We're not made for this.
Idiot! Where are you going?
One. two…
- Fire!
Hey.
Hey!
It hurts…
Are you okay?
We won't get anywhere without more guns.
Where are you going?
Hey!
Go!
Don't come near me!
Don't come!
Let's open it!
There's nothing we can do. let's run away.
Hey. what are you doing?
Let's go. quick.
It hurts!
That was close.
What are you doing?
You. stay here. I'll go.
I don't want to be left alone
with this madman!
It hurts!
I thought we were partners!
Arai!
Irie. hang in there!
Nimaime!
Are you okay?
- It hurts…
- Move.
Does anyone know where Noro is?
We can't help with that right now.
Hey! Where are the weapons?
Brother. move!
What did you do?
Noro. lend me that!
- Brother?
- Give it.
Move!
Get away from me!
Tsujigiri. get away!
Throw it. idiot!
Hurry up!
Reload. quick!
Shoot! Hurry up and shoot!
Lord Masataka. over there!
Kill me…
Kill me!
Brother…
Wake up.
Come on. hang in there.
Let's have some drinks. then.
To celebrate.
What drinks? We've suffered casualties.
So we deal with it by drinking.
Look at what happened to Nimaime's face…
Still. the Imperial Army isn't retreating.
It's no big deal.
We'll set another explosion.
and that'll settle it.
Right. Noro?
Isn't that suitable?
If it weren't for you.
by now we would all have been given
posthumous names by that lecherous monk.
Hey. Noro.
Can you make more of those firebombs?
There are still some old firebombs
in the storage room.
If we mixed some black water.
they'd turn even better.
Black water?
Hey…
Hey.
What are you doing?
What an unrefined bastard.
Why such a dangerous thing
in a celebratory drink?
It was all a lie.
They have no intention
to pardon our crimes.
Right?
What's this? Out of the blue…
Bastard.
Still with the nonsense?
Wait. have you gone mad?
The crazy ones are these samurai.
They plan to silence us
after the mission is done.
The pardons were a big fat lie.
Don't be a fool!
The Chief himself said…
It's true. I heard it all.
What?
Irie.
Is it true?
No answer?
Do you think you're going to fool us now?
This is no joke.
I don't know a thing!
Irie. why the heck
don't you just say it's a lie?
Irie!
Confess.
It's like he said.
We were notified that
once the criminals are done with the job.
we shall silence them.
What?
Idiot! What do you mean that
the castle has been taken by the Alliance?
I'm ashamed of myself.
An apology won't solve this!
This idiot…
We had no other way
to get to the Imperial Army.
What did you say?
Then. you bastard…
You were planning to deceive
the Alliance from the beginning?
You're deciding the clan's objectives
all of a sudden.
As soon as the Alliance
leaves the castle town.
we are to welcome
the Imperial Army right away…
and surrender without bloodshed.
What?
No. I don't get it.
Why are we carrying
the Alliance flag. then?
If we raised Shibata's flag.
joining the Imperial Army
would become a dificult task.
We were just buying time
until the Alliance leaves the castle.
I understand now.
That's why the bridge
couldn't be destroyed.
At some point you'll have
to welcome the Imperial Army.
But. how could you plan
to join the Imperial Army
when you have killed
many of their men already?
That's why Shibata
cannot let us live after.
Why…
You're not supposed to be the scammers.
You must be kidding.
To say that the Chief lied…
But if it weren't for that. you…
To make me wear this…
Am I some Nagaoka monkey?
Don't mess with me!
I'm sorry. Heishiro.
An apology is not enough.
Huh?
We're going to be executed.
no matter how much we apologized…
You're messing around. you bastard!
I'll kill you!
- That bastard!
- Shut up!
Arai. stop it.
Shut it.
How we use a bunch of criminals
condemned to die
is up to us to decide.
What are you saying?
It's extremely disrespectful
for people like you
to give us your opinion.
Shut up and obey!
Irie…
Irie… What. you…
I'm sorry we deceived you.
I…
I will let you go. no matter what.
I'll persuade the Chief.
So…
This is how it is.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
You really aren't going to believe him.
are you?
But he's the only one
we can rely on to get our pardon.
That's the way it is.
The heck you're saying.
you spineless coward?
These man fooled us!
I'm not forgiving him.
Brother…
Well. boss.
I'm not having anything
of what you're saying.
I'm sorry.
Please. forgive me…
It's been two days
since the Suicide Squad was sent.
It's only a matter of time
before the Imperial Army breaks through.
If the Alliance
isn't expelled once and for all.
we will have to face
the Imperial Army in Shibata.
Kana is gone?
Her horse isn't here either.
I asked the servants.
but no one knows anything about it.
Do you have any idea?
No. it can't be…
She's not in the right condition
to overexert herself.
- If you happened to know…
- Wait.
What do you mean?
Kana is with Irie's child…
What?
DAY THREE
KEIO 4. 24TH DAY OF THE 7TH MONTH
Are you awake?
That's the only way
for us to get our pardons.
Hey!
Rebel Army. can you hear us?
Listen to what I have to say.
How cruel of them.
We have no intention at all
to start a war here in Shibata.
Release the hostages
and open the gate immediately.
If you do so.
we'll turn a blind eye on your outrage.
What?
If you swear
to die by the Imperial banner.
all your crimes will be forsaken.
and we will accept you
as soldiers of the Imperial Army.
What?
- You heard that? They want us.
- Quiet.
But if you choose to ignore us.
you'll be regarded as rebels and crushed.
Do you hear?
We'll await your response.
Hey. did you hear that?
We'll get pardoned
if we join the Imperial Army.
Yes. that's what they said.
- We're saved.
- Wait.
The signal fire might light up today.
What if it doesn't?
- Well…
- Boss.
Are you blind or what?
We don't stand a chance against them.
Besides. if we join the Imperial Army.
we could redeem ourselves.
That's right. boss.
You were fooled by Shibata's Chief too.
weren't you?
Wouldn't it be stupid
to fight and die for him?
Let's go.
Like they said. we can't beat them.
Heishiro.
take these bastards with you.
What about you?
I'll stay.
Do you want to die?
If the Imperial Army
gets into the castle town
I'll be dead anyway.
- Still…
- Grant me at least this.
Let me be a good son-in-law for the Chief.
That's what he's saying.
I'll take their offer.
Let's go.
Go. quick.
Heishiro. what are you doing?
Are you going to shoot us?
What's happening?
Brother!
The rebels have spoken.
Get ready!
- Yes!
Prepare the cannons!
What have you done. bastard?
Hey!
We can't join the Imperial Army
because you killed that bastard!
Hey!
What would happen if we left this place?
Shibata will be engulfed by the war.
The castle town will burn to the grounds!
Your families.
the villages you were born and raised in.
everyone could die!
We have to protect it all.
Listen up.
this will be a battle of revenge.
For the honor of our Special Forces!
We can't lose!
- Yes. sir!
Lord Mizoguchi. are you going
to talk to the Young Lord today?
Move it!
What's the fuss?
As you mentioned before.
our military expeditions
were being constantly obstructed
by the peasants.
Kneel down!
I'll show you
this isn't a convenient solution.
Destroying the bridge?
I heard the Imperial Army's infantry
were ronin or peasants
hired on the battlefield.
If they can't use their weapons
in the storm. they won't attack.
Indeed. Then what shall we do?
Noro.
will your firebombs light in the rain too?
They'll do.
I just mixed in some black water.
They'll make it through this rain.
Right. Brother?
We've got nothing better. Let's do it.
Right.
Irie.
do you mind?
Good. let's hurry.
Let's get ready.
First. the fuses.
Wrap them in oily paper
so they don't get wet.
Yes.
We're holding up.
Throw in all the firebombs.
Get ready.
That idiot.
What?
Next!
Hurry!
Get him!
Give me your sword!
Have you gone mad?
Kazuma.
Kana? Why…
Why are you here?
Because I wanted to see you.
Go back…
If you lose your life too.
the Chief will kill me…
No!
I'm going to fight here. too.
Kneel down!
Hold them!
Saito.
Get ready for the battle.
He'll keep on killing peasants
until we go out too.
Next!
Boss. what's it?
The main gate…
Brother.
He did it again.
Hey!
Hey…
Brother!
Get back!
Hurry up!
Brother.
- Brother.
- Noro!
- Brother!
- Oroshiya. get in.
Isn't the fire out?
Oroshiya. how's the ember?
It's still fine.
Listen!
Let me join you!
I have no weapons!
I really want to join the Imperial Army!
Look at this!
The head of a samurai
from the Suicide Squad.
- Move.
Let go…
Where are the firebombs?
- I have them.
- Hurry up!
Brother…
I'm saying it hurts!
Did you cut his head?
Yes.
I don't want to obey Shibata anymore.
Shibata?
Did you just say Shibata?
Yes. the people in that fortress.
- Give it to me.
- Tie it up carefully.
It's the fuses.
Tug the fuse.
Quick!
It was all a puppet show
from Shibata. right?
Here. have this.
What do we do?
It can't be helped.
This turned into a war against Shibata.
Yes.
Ask me anything about them.
Do with him as you please.
Hey. wait! Wait a minute!
I want to enter the Army!
I fled the place!
Let go! I've been fooled!
Brother…
Ouch!
Noro!
Wait!
Hey. catch him!
Stop. Noro! What are you doing?
Stop. Noro!
Heishiro. hang on tight!
- It's not time!
- Noro. wait!
Get back!
Quick!
Hurry!
Let go…
Hey! Wait! Wait a minute…
Be prepared.
Wait…
Wait!
What?
Brother!
Brother. are you okay?
Are you trying to kill me?
- One more shot. oops!
- Stop!
The rebels!
- Those are the rebels!
- Get them!
Quick. light it up!
I know. you noisy old man.
Damn. it's too wet to light up.
- Give it to me.
- It's Noro!
We won't make it. light it up quick!
I know. but it won't light up!
What are you doing?
I'll go.
Wait!
You…
That's our amazing Nimaime.
That will disappear in no time.
Have my robe.
Quick. hurry up!
You. what are you doing?
Stop. stop!
Mom. forgive me…
Stop!
Noro!
Chief. the bath is ready.
There's no guarantee
that cholera won't spread.
Light the signal fire as soon
as the Alliance leaves the castle.
Yes.
We're parting to battle.
We're going into battle.
- Yes. sir!
Kana…
Yes.
Give this to Heishiro.
Kazuma?
Kazuma…
No…
Kazuma.
None of the people
who promised to release us
is alive anymore.
The ten of us criminals
have been cut down to a half too.
Hey. we destroyed the bridge.
So why are they still sticking around?
If they can't take
even a fortress like this
they just can't go back. can they?
I need a break.
I don't have any strength left.
Boss. what do we do?
The fire signal hasn't lit up at all.
Who's there?
That idiot is still alive.
The tattooed man.
Oroshiya… Check this man. please.
Hey. are you okay? Hey!
Help him. please. Quick…
What are you doing?
Why? Why aren't they going to battle?
We almost got fooled by your puppet show.
Or that's what I heard.
You weren’t really planning to ignore
the Young Lord’s wishes. kick us out.
and switch sides
to the Imperial Army. were you?
That the peasants are sick with cholera.
it was all a lie.
Mizoguchi.
You were prepared to do
the harakiri. weren't you?
Drink this.
I quit drinking
the moment I met my wife…
For Noro.
it'd been harder if you had died
before him. you know.
He died protecting his beloved brother.
As he wished.
I was fine with dying first.
Why him of all people…
Isn't it always like this?
I bring bad luck to everyone.
Why didn't I die before him?
Why?
Everyone here is the same.
We did something
we weren't supposed to do…
But if we hadn't done it.
we couldn't kept on living.
We're hopeless people.
Still. we can't give up.
Should we give up?
Look. we're still alive.
Or should we just die
like beaten dogs?
Should we just die?
That's right.
You want to go back
and live with your wife. right?
I want to keep living
doing the things I like. too.
Should I just die in a place like this?
Thank God.
Brother. you're alive.
Hey. you…
You…
Go die. you bastard!
It hurts.
Shibata is a good place…
The east…
The west…
The north and the south…
Kazuma left this for you. Heishiro.
Noro. what was hell like?
Were there good women there?
Oh. there were plenty of lovely women.
Brother.
I can't just be sad forever.
I'll make my father promise
that he'll release these criminals.
That was something Irie wished.
Brother. brother.
- I don't dance.
- Come on.
Dance.
It stinks! What is this?
Did you steal it from the Imperial Army?
Are they drinking
rotting water or something?
Noro. this is water
from behind the mountain. right?
It's black water.
What's that?
The mountains around here
have black water springing up.
Right. Brother?
I told you. I don't know.
Hey. Noro.
Did you by any chance
put this water into the firebombs?
Yes. that's why they light up
even in the rain.
Could it be…
an oil well?
That mine…
It's right above the enemy.
Noro. is the well there?
I went with my brother to take oil…
Why didn't you tell us earlier?
Had we thrown a firebomb there
from the start.
it would've spared us all this trouble.
Idiot. if we could have done just that…
We can.
We can burn them all.
Shall we?
Fool…
We destroyed the bridge.
Good grief.
we forgot the most important part.
We could cross the river.
It's not like the rope fell completely.
An army couldn't cross. but we can.
Let's do it. boss.
Do you mean you want to burn that well?
I don't think the Imperial Army
is going to attack today of all days.
Now's our chance.
We are villains. after all.
Battle or no battle.
we're all going to be beheaded.
Still. I won't consent to being
treated as a bug and left to die.
Be it the Imperial Army or the rebels.
I've had enough of being trampled on.
I can't help the urge
to knock them all out.
Boss. let's do it.
Our last move.
Let's show them our rebel will.
What's happening?
The winds are blowing suddenly.
I'll go.
Go. You ought to get back
to the castle town before dawn.
Yes.
Was it a trick from Shibata?
I see.
So you never intended to fight us
from the start. right?
- Prepare the horses!
- Yes.
This fortress is just a decoy to stop us.
We'll get around the fortress
and get to Shibata…
Lord Yamagata!
The Alliance is in the castle town.
Give them this castle.
We'll move on to Shibata
and take the port.
Sir.
- Go!
- Yes. sir!
It's the black water.
Good. let's dig it.
Lord Saito! Lord Irobe!
What is it?
Nagaoka Castle is under attack.
What? The castle is under attack?
Yes. I heard
that they crossed Haccho-oki.
and now the whole army
is coming to retake Nagaoka Castle
We have to fight them.
Saito. let's go.
Wait.
Wait. Takumi.
If you died. what would become of me?
No matter how much we dig.
there's no oil coming out.
It's alright. just shut up
and keep digging.
What's wrong. Noro?
Here.
It came out!
It stinks!
Lord Iwamura! Lord Sugiyama!
The Alliance is attacking the castle?
Yes.
Lord Yamagata. you're expected
to join them immediately.
Am I the monkey of Shibata or something?
Until I beat them down.
the beast in me won't calm down.
Brother.
Give me fire.
Watch this. filthy bastards.
Run!
- Run!
Serves you right.
Noro!
Are you okay?
Over here!
- Capture the rebels!
- Yes!
- Kill them.
- Kill them!
Well. let's go.
Go.
Oroshiya!
- Are you okay?
- Are you okay!
You rebels…
- Noro!
- Brother!
Let's run. quick!
Leave me and run away.
What are you saying?
I won't be able to be a doctor anymore.
- Don't say that…
- Run!
Let's run away together!
Where are you going?
I'm finishing this pointless battle.
Hey. Oroshiya!
Oroshiya!
Bastard!
Let's go. quick!
Noro. you go first!
- Brother?
- I'll be there. Now. go!
You rebels…
Brother!
Go. Noro! Run!
Get lost. you lying bastard!
Move aside. old man!
Hey. give me that.
You. old fool!
I'm a former spear instructor from Choshu.
My name is Kohachiro Oshiba.
For the sake of justice.
I'm opposing my country.
Sugiyama…
You monkey.
Boss. move!
Sugiyama! Hey. Sugiyama!
Sugiyama… Sugiyama!
Sugiyama!
Brother!
Quick! Hurry!
Quick!…
- Let's run!
- Run!
DAY FOUR
KEIO 4. 25TH DAY OF THE 7TH MONTH
Thank God you're safe.
I'm really sorry about Lord Irie.
I have a plea on behalf of Heishiro
and the people who fought with him
in that fortress. Please. have mercy…
I know…
Chief. the Imperial Army is in the castle.
Young Lord.
You already know why we are here. do you?
Yes.
My lord has made up his mind to cooperate
with the Imperial Army.
If there's anything
we could do for Shibata…
There's one thing I'd like to ask
before we get to it.
The ones who made this seal.
Still. it feels good. doesn't it?
It's such a nice weather
for getting back to the castle town.
Are you going back to the castle town?
No. I'm not going to Shibata.
After I get back to my wife…
Well. let it be whatever it is.
I see…
You can't forgive Shibata.
You should have gotten to know me by now.
What will Noro do?
If his brother isn't here.
he'll make a ruckus.
I'm not his brother.
Thank you for everything.
Take care.
No. I've got nothing left…
I'll take your offerings…
Excuse me.
Hey. wait a minute.
What was that? Damn…
Well. let's head back to the castle town.
I'm staying here.
Many people have died.
I'll give them some prayers.
That sounds like something
a monk would say. right?
They're here. boss.
There's no doubt. that's Shibata's flag.
Hey!
The young lady told them about us.
Hey. we're the Suicide Squad!
Hey!
Run!
Run! Run!
Fire!
Brother!
Noro!
Wait! We're the Suicide Squad!
Fire!
We're Shibata's infantry!
Can't you hear us?
Come… Come on!
We fought for Shibata.
and for our country!
Stop!
Lord Washio!
I was asked by Kana to have mercy on you.
Do not worry.
Are there still criminals left?
Lord Washio?
I cannot forgive a coward like you.
You're saying you won't obey?
Then. deal with him
like you've done with the criminals.
I don't care.
I'm a rebel.
The 11th one.
Slash him away!
Fire! Shoot him to death!
Fire!
- Let's go.
- Yes.
Slash him away!
Yes!
Noro. do you have any firebombs left?
The ones that got damp
are in the storage room.
but I don't know if they'll burn.
Brother!
Where?
Noro. go to the river from the back.
If you do down the river
you'll get to Shibata.
What about you. brother?
I'll go later.
No. I want to stay with you. brother…
Don't say foolish things.
it's not like you.
You can escape. right?
No… I don't want to leave you.
Listen to what your brother is saying!
You've saved me countless times.
At least at the end.
let me do something a brother would do.
Come on. go!
Go!
Mizoguchi.
Get your sword!
Damn.
Get rid of all of them!
Yes!
- Bastard!
- Go. shoot him!
Don't let him escape!
Brother! Brother!
He ran away!
Go up!
Fire!
This is no joke.
That bastard…
He killed them all.
Go die!
Brother…
Brother!
We. the people of Shibata.
for the Emperor.
and for the new Japan.
are to raise the country
and defeat the rebels.
How can you say such nonsense
while putting up such an act?
Enough. Iwamura.
With Shibata's cooperation.
we were able to win
the hearts of the Alliance.
Takumi. give Lord Yamagata the sample.
It is what you requested.
The heads of the Suicide Squad.
Keio 4. 25th day of the 7th month.
The new government army.
with the help of Shibata.
conquered Niigata Port.
- It's the Chief.
- Chief. thank you very much.
Chief. is it true that the war is over?
I'm glad we didn't end up like Nagaoka.
Thank God.
It's thanks to our Lord.
The Shibata Domain
angered neighboring provinces.
but they avoided the battle
in the castle town
and protected the castle and the people.
What are you doing? What's wrong?
Don't touch me!
Kana…
Kana!
Why…
Why did you…
Forgive me…
Forgive me. Kana.
I had no choice…
Forgive me.
Stop now.
FURUMACHI. NIIGATA PORT
Don't return it.
You won't believe me no matter what.
Stop. this was my brother's…
Noro. don't be a fool!
Your husband
wanted to get back to you
desperately. until the very end.
That's the only truth.
For that fool's sake.
you have to be happy.
Noro.
Let's go. Noro.
It's Niigata's sake.
Here's your cold sake.
Hey.
Excuse me.
Congratulations…
That…
Subtitle translation by:
Silvia Tomey Prieto
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm